DOCS-2313: Improve notification URL for ecommerce integrations page (continued) (#1862)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/integrations/build-your-own/handle-notifications.md

---
title: 'Handle notifications'
breadcrumb_title: "Handle notifications"
layout: 'single'
meta_title: 'Build your integration – Handle notifications - MultiSafepay Docs'
logo: '/svgs/Wrappers.svg'
short_description: 'Handle notifications successfully'
weight: 1
url: '/integrations/build-your-own/handle-notifications/'
---

When there is an update to your order, we notify your web server at the following URL through a `POST` request:  
`{your-webhook-endpoint}?transactionid=12345&timestamp=140292929`

This URL is your webhook endpoint combined with two additional parameters:

> - `transactionid`: Your unique identifier for the order

Reviewer: Because the name suggests otherwise, I think it's important to stress that the `transactionid` is actually the client-defined `order_id`

- `timestamp`: The time the notification was triggered

> We add the current order details to the request body. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The updated order details make up the payload of the request.
```
